c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver.exe.config
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\obj\Release\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\obj\Release\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver.Form1.resources
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\obj\Release\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\obj\Release\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver.exe
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver.pdb
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.Caliper.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.Controls.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.Core.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.CorePlus.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.Display.Controls.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.FGGigE.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.ImageFile.Controls.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.ImageFile.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.ImageProcessing.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.ToolGroup.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro3D.Core.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro3D.Display.Controls.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro3D.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro3D.Graphic.dll
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.Caliper.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.Core.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.CorePlus.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.Display.Controls.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.FGGigE.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.ImageFile.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.ImageProcessing.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro.ToolGroup.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro3D.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro3D.Core.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro3D.Display.Controls.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\bin\Release\Cognex.VisionPro3D.Graphic.xml
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\obj\Release\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver.exe
c:\users\shihjia\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver\obj\Release\FindCirecleTool_ForWaver.pdb
